I'm jealous of people that don't know you
You're the human equivalent of a participation award.
You're like a pile of trash: a waste of space and nobody wants you.
Your ass must be jealous of all the shit that comes out of your mouth mouth
ive seen harmless bots aim better then you
Sorry i thought i heard a whiny bitch complain about not being a tank
I know why you're so dumb. Your brain is the same size as your penis.
You have worse map awareness than Christopher fucking Columbus.
If I wanted to listen to an asshole, I'd fart
I was anti-abortion before I started this match but now I'm reconsidering.
Good job keeping your learning curve perfectly horizontal.
I'd tell you to kill yourself but you probably couldn't even manage that
I'm sorry, not even the TARDIS can translate your stupidity
I don't have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable...like a coma.
Your family tree is a cactus, because everybody on it is a prick.
I can just imagine your parents faces when they forgot the receipt after getting you.
You are proof enough that guns do not kill people.
You look like a Sim's glitch
You are proof that abortions dont work
I'd tell you where the uninstall button is but you'd miss that one too
There's fuckups in this world and then there is you.
The only aid you provide is the disease.
Look in the mirror, your already an insult to yourself.
I'm not trash talking, I'm talking to trash.
You are proof enough that guns do not kill people.
I'd insult you, but my mother told me not to insult the handicapped.
If I gave you a penny for your thoughts how much change would I get back?
I've avoided smoking my entire life to prevent cancer, but with a play like that it seems I've missed out on cigars for nothing.
You're drunk right?
I've seen more support for North Korea than I've seen all game from you.
I noticed your sister got all the good genes from the family.
I've avoided smoking my entire life to prevent cancer, but with a play like that it seems I've missed out on cigars for nothing.
At least your immune system tries to stop you from dying.
